Incorporating PID implementation insights and recommendations from the FAIR Workflows project (#4432)
the-turing-way/the-turing-way: book/website/reproducible-research/rdm/rdm-sharing.md

Data should be shared in a formal, open, and indexed data repository [{term}`def<Repository>`] where possible so that it will be accessible in the long run.
Suitable data repositories by subject, content type or location can be found at [Re3data.org](https://www.re3data.org/), and in [FAIRsharing](https://fairsharing.org/databases) where you can also see which standards (metadata and identifier) the repositories implement and which journal/publisher recommend them.

> Pay attention to whether a repository assigns DOI. See our [chapter on persistent identifiers](rr-rdm-pid) to learn how DOIs boost FAIRness of shared resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pay attention to whether a repository assigns DOI. 
See our [chapter on persistent identifiers](rr-rdm-pid) to learn more about how you can link your data to other research objects.
```
